[MUSIC PLAYING]
Wilderness is not a
luxury. but a necessity
of the human spirit.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
The greatest wonder is that
we can see these true and not
[INAUDIBLE] more.
Mountain parks and
reservations are useful.
not only as fountains of
timber and irrigating rivers.
but as fountains of life.
Wilderness is a resource which
can shrink. but not grow.
The creation of new wilderness
in the full sense of the word
is impossible.
Thousands of tired.
nerve-shaken. over-civilized
people are beginning to find
at that going to the mountains
is going home. that
wilderness is a necessity.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
The idea of wilderness
needs no defense.
It only needs more defenders.
We simply need that wild
country available to us.
even if we never do more than
drive to its edge and look in.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
We can have wilderness
without freedom.
without human life at all.
But we cannot have freedom
without wilderness.
Wilderness is the
raw material out
of which man has hammered the
artifact called civilization.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[WIND BLOWING]